INSTRUCTIONS:
Sequelize npm install -g sequelize-cli
1) Create a new local MYSQL database called 'todolist', but don't create any tables.

2) Delete any references to the orm.js file inside the api-routes.js file.

3) Delete the config folder.

4) While inside the activity folder, run npm install in terminal.

5) In terminal, type in the following command: "sequelize init:models init:config". If this produces an error, then you may not have the sequelize-cli installed globally. If this is the case, for now you can run ./node_modules/.bin/sequelize init:config init:models


6) Step 5 should have created a config and a models folder for us. Navigate to the config folder, open config.json, and modify the development object's "database","username" and "password" values to match your MYSQL database on your machine.


7) Navigate to the models folder and create a new file called todo.js. Create a Todo model with columns for "text" (DataTypes.STRING), and "complete" (DataTypes.BOOLEAN).


8) Navigate to the server.js file and require all of our models by requiring the models folder. Save this to a variable and name it "db".


9) Sync the models by running db.sequelize.sync() before we start the express server.


10) In your terminal, run "node server". Check MYSQL Workbench to see if a Todos table was created. If so, you were successful. If not, check your terminal for any errors.


INSTRUCTIONS:

1) Open the folder and run npm install.

2) Update the config.json file's development object with your own local MYSQL database settings.

3) Navigate to the api-routes.js folder.

4) Add a Sequelize findAll method inside the GET route which finds all of the todos and returns them to the user as JSON.

5) Add a Sequelize create method to the POST route to save a new todo to the database using the data sent to the server in req.body.

6) To test if this worked, open your terminal and run node server and navigate to localhost:8080. If you are able to save new todos, you were successful.

7) Hint: We can access the Todo model here with "db.Todo"

If you get stuck or finish early, check out the Sequelize Star Wars solution from last class, or try and see if you and your partner can make sense of Sequelize's docs for the findAll and create methods

http://docs.sequelizejs.com/en/latest/api/model/#findalloptions-promisearrayinstance

http://docs.sequelizejs.com/en/latest/api/model/#createvalues-options-promiseinstance
